docs: Update Excel page of user guide to refer to fastexcel as the default engine (#19691)
pola-rs/polars: docs/source/user-guide/io/excel.md

## Read

Polars does not have a native Excel reader. Instead, it uses an external library called an "engine" to parse Excel files into a form that Polars can parse. The available engines are:

> - fastexcel: This reader is based on the Rust [calamine](https://github.com/tafia/calamine) crate and is typically the fastest reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fastexcel: This engine is based on the Rust [calamine](https://github.com/tafia/calamine) crate and is (by far) the fastest reader.
```

- xlsx2csv: This reader parses the .xlsx file to an in-memory CSV that Polars then reads with its own CSV reader.
- openpyxl: Typically slower than xls2csv, but can provide more flexibility for files that are difficult to parse.

> We recommend working with the default fastexcel engine. The xlsx2csv and openpyxl engines are slower but do have more features for parsing tricky data. These engines may be helpful if the fastexcel reader does not work for a specific Excel file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend working with the default fastexcel engine. The xlsx2csv and openpyxl engines are slower but may have more features for parsing tricky data. These engines may be helpful if the fastexcel reader does not work for a specific Excel file.
```

Reviewer: Let's soften that one a bit; the `fastexcel`  folks have added quite a few features over the last few months and it's getting pretty fully featured :)
